Move to 1Password CLI 2, and support biometric authentication (#9)
fmartingr/qute-1password: README.md

- [The 1Password CLI](https://support.1password.com/command-line-getting-started/)
  Ensure you have it installed and set up. Follow the official documentation.

>   Note that only 1Password CLI 2 is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ **Note**: Only the 1Password CLI v2 is supported.
```

Author: If you tag the last version compatible with v1, it can be included in the instructions as well.

Reviewer: Just created the [v1](https://github.com/fmartingr/qute-1password/releases/tag/v1.0.0) release. Will tag this with v2 and try to follow up from there. Nice idea :)
